I'd like you to update the read me with a comprehensive design and plan for a prompt library plugin that we can install into jetbrains rider. This is going to be a very simple plugin -it will appear in your side bar, it when open it will have a window for a list of prompts that you've saved, and a window for creating new prompts. When you write a prmpt, you can click 'save' and it will appear in the list. The list will be boxes of text that wraps to the width of the window when resizing. When you click the box with text, it will copy the text to your clipboard. The box will also have a garbage bin icon that will allow you to delete the prompt. We need to ensure there is a 'confirm' or an option to undo if possible in case someone deletes by mistake. This icon will be on the bottom far right - not overlapping with any text - so cosnider for each text box, there is actually a container for the text box, and then a smaller full width contain to hold the delete icon on the far right, and a small pencil icon positioned to the far left that will allow you to edit the text in place. When you are editing, there then needs to be a save button in place of the delete button to save the next text. The plugin will need to save these prompts to local disk. The top window that holds the saved prompts must be scrollable so that when you have a lot of prompts, you can scroll through them. There also needs to be a simple character based search functionality to search through your prompts by simpmle string matching. Keep that simple, we'll imrpve it later. Finall, there needs to be an export button at the top of the plugin window that will let you copy all of the prompts so that you can export them to a standard structure - json perhaps. Then finally there also needs to be an import button. When importing, we need to accept a file or read from the clipboard that same data struture. The import operation will iterate over all of the prompts to add and then remove and identical duplicates. When importing, the text must be normalized before comparison to ensure we don't duplicate due to capitalization or anything.

Please create a comprehensive plan for building this plugin that expresses evolutionarily small step thats you can follow. This should be a relatively minimal project and I also want you to develop a work tracking document that you will always update. I want you to create a kickoff prompt for any new agent to read that will direct  it to the plan in the readme, and then the tracking document which will have been updated every step of the way so that we can hand off to new agents when the context window has filled up. Finally, I want you to create  separete 'How to install' readme that will explain how to clone the repo, compile it, and then install the plugin into rider. This shoudl also include instructions on how to create your prompt list, how to export, and how to import.

What I will do next is to start a new agent, point it at the kickoff prompt, and just expect it to pick up where things are left of based on the work tracking doc. Please proceed and let me know once you've compelted creating all of these documents.